Now that we've learned how to create elements and how to nest them,
it can get pretty tedious if we're just using these nested
create element calls to create large portions of our app.
If only we had a different syntax we could use to
describe nested relationships of elements in a natural way.
Well, what about HTML?
Isn't that what it's used for?
What if we could borrow some of
the sweet angle brackets and put them right in our JavaScript?
In other words, what if we can make or create element calls look a little more like HTML,
which we're already familiar with?
This is exactly what JSX does.
JSX is a syntax extension to JavaScript,
that lets us write JavaScript code that looks a little bit more like HTML,
making it more concise and easier to follow. Let's check it out.